what the shirt looks you go to that you
think you can change him what what
change what what do you want to change I
was like no I don't know that's a lot
cuz in our relationship you don't you
don't want me to change you want to not
look at a change that's that's hilarious
so so we're just doing relationship talk
talk on the livestream some people make
comments that were pregnant stuff but
you know this is funny earlier today I
went and give this lecture or got up
early I've done some other things kind
of a long day already but you know it
was on my mind kind of the contrast
between one of the bedrock assumptions
of Chinese dating and the reality of how
our relationship both is going and will
apparently go on the fusion difference
is this so like Melissa and I we have
talked about going back to Canada
enrolling in a college in getting a
practical degree in baking together so
learning how to bake bread learning how
to bake cakes together
what kind of business could that lead to
could lead to a vegan bakery could lead
to vegan catering could lead to a hobby
like it could be not the main job we do
but just something we do together as an
activity but yeah it could side hustle
sure but it could be a major
money-making part of our lives or it
could have some other significance I've
always said like I got a four-year-old
daughter we baked a cake with her last
time if you've got a kid I think it's
wonderful to be able to bake bread for
them to be able to to make a birthday
cake for them instead of buying it from
from a factory or whatever you know it's
great so it could be a positive in my
life in various ways but here's the
point built into that is there's like it
opens door to a whole career path or
whole possible future where if we make
money we make it together you know what
I mean
and even if we don't literally make the
money together let's say let's say
hypothetical situation we go and get
this degree diploma in baking let's say
you end up being the one who's super
enthusiastic you end up owning and
running a bakery and I go and get a PhD
in something really useless like
philosophy and politics or Asian
languages or something or First Nations
I become a lawyer for the Korean a jib
way I get a law degree or something
whatever you know but let's say let's
say we do this and then our past
but still you know the way in which I'd
be involved in your work life because
you know I would have had the education
with you a guy probably would have been
involved every moment of you getting a
bank loan
you know I'd be involved even if it was
your business you know what I mean I'd
be involved we'd be getting that
together or would be experiencing the
ups and downs together in such a dynamic
way that makes that makes the
relationship stronger and I think it may
creates a real sense of mutual ownership
in whatever you happen to get out of it
maybe all you get out of it is a very
humble apartment and a secondhand Ford
Taurus you know what I mean well now
that I am making money no time but you
know survival your survival becomes
really a mutual thing right now I think
in some ways that's the current ideal in
definitely in American culture you know
okay I only listen to hip-hop em you
know what I mean
but like no in terms of how people like
Charlamagne tha God in terms of hip-hop
personalities implied to be terms out
the top but that's the mean thing those
guys yearn for cuz what they hate what
they're sick of is the fame famous guy
groupie female dynamic what they don't
want is the guy gets all the money and
then the chick just shows up to spend
his money and she has no connection with
she has no ownership of no investment in
how he earned his money so I think I
think that's probably why in the hip-hop
American cell culture that's really
emphasized even more the ideal of
actually going through it together
whether it's running the business
together or the education together they
of making your money together being
drawn together have you have you picked
up on that also yeah I'm thinking of the
song about 50 cent 21 questions oh yeah
yeah yeah you know if I was in a hoop
Dean right right right right but methane
I think that's idealized for men who
don't have it currently in American
culture maybe they don't think about it
as clearly as I've just set it out but I
think that is what a lot of one and it's
hard like if you're a dude and you're
you're a chemical engineer or something
you may be in some super technical field
unless you get with a woman in that
field you're probably even if the
woman's not a bimbo let's say a woman
but a woman who can't relate to how you
make your money can't relate to your
struggle doesn't know what you're going
through at the office doesn't know what
you're going through the laboratory and
yeah you may feel like it's instead a
kind of groupie relationship this is
just some chick who's tacked on to you
already successful life you know kind of
needless appendage
so to instead have the woman dynamically
involved in your education your career
or whatever it is so this is my point I
was just think about this day while I
was sitting around doing this lecture
sitting around doing other things but
you know one of the bedrock assumptions
or I guess an ideals in the Chinese
system of dating is that the guy gets a
job gets an apartment gets an apartment
right not for himself like he gets a big
apartment that's empty apartment big
enough to have a woman and a baby yeah
you know what I mean like he gets yes is
the home they're gonna move into he gets
that set up and then he fishes around
the fro woman to fill in that blank
right but the dynamic I think is so
unhealthy yeah you know what I mean like
other people because even like at some
point so presumably we're gonna go live
in a really small crappy apartment
together at this point but like whatever
process we go through if we do in the
future move into a bigger apartment to
have a baby in it or something it's like
we found that apartment together we
decorated that apartment together we
went through the struggle went through
the process maybe it's not a struggle
maybe it's easy but still we went
through the process together you know
what I mean you were there when I moved
in the furniture
you're not as as opposed to pick out the
stainless steel
sure no but I mean whatever it is even
if it's not that you actually earned the
money with me like even if you even if
you don't pay the rent at all or vice
versa or whatever whatever the financial
reality is then at least you're going
through that process and again like what
I'm talking about here it isn't even
about equal parties a lot of
relationships are unequal before I was
literally a university student married
to a university professor that's not
just unequal it was illegal under the
rules of the university what we were
doing was was illegal and she should
have been fired because the actual
wording the rules is what she could not
have sex with any student it's like well
she's married to us due to any - when he
currently enrolled stood by the way we
knew about a lot of other professors who
were actually I'm just saying there was
a lot of professor on student scandal
action going on it University of Regina
at that time sue me if you want to in
Canada telling the truth is all
always your guarantee of not being
convicted of of defamation slander
anyway unlike United States but look
yeah it just it just struck me as a
funny thing you know people in the
outside might not suspect that about
their relationship I think it's a really
powerful positive thing you came into my
relationship at a time in your life when
you were looking around to go back to
University maybe get a master's degree
and in my life I was looking around at
going back to university maybe get a
masters degree and whatever it is where
me be gonna do the fact that we're gonna
go through that process together you
know and even if it's just buying that
car together and furnishing that
apartment together that you're going
through that stuff together gives you a
real sense of mutual investment in the
project of your home or family not that
it's a project that belongs to one
person and not the other I think that's
really good advice even if you're in a
relationship that's totally unequal
because it may be relationships can be
unequal in a lot of different ways
mm-hmm that's a wrap